Jake Sherman
17 Trombley Drive, Livingston, New Jersey 07039
Email: jakeshermancollege@gmail.com / Phone: 973-420-0133

						
Academics:  
College: Syracuse University - Junior 
Major: Information Systems Technology  / Web Development 

Extra-Curricular Activities:

Young Entrepreneurship Society: Member 2013-2015. Co-President ? 2016-2017 
Lead meetings and events to advance student education about creating and running a start up business. Contact business leaders across different industries to present their stories and lessons to club members. Developing a mock product and walk through the process of launching the business to gain experience beyond the classroom.
 
Job Experience: 

In-play technologies: Startup internship - Summer 2019 - Present 			                        Building brand recognition and customer interest in support of launching a new startup company in the gaming? industry. Working with cross-functional teams to design the marketing strategy. Implementing plans leveraging social media platforms including Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Responsibilities also include writing promotional copy and supporting video production to drive new brand followers and referrals. Partnering with product managers and web developers to create a best-in-class user experiences for both mobile and desktop application. Continuously obtaining customer feedback to ensure new service and technology addresses the target audience needs in current and future roll out stages.

Cushman & Wakefield: Sales Internship - Summer 2016
Assisted account teams in developing new commercial real estate business leads through cold calls, canvassing, and follow-up. Assisted in establishing relationships in-person with key decision makers at large companies, like Morgan Stanley and LG, to influence their buying Cushman?s services as leases expire.

Willow Lake Day Camp: Camp and Bus Counselor - Summer 2015
Organize and lead daily activities and late-night events for 16 campers. Helped children build new skills and continue with their progress to achieve higher-level abilities. Maintained fun environment to ultimately maximize camper return rate. Had additional responsibility for 20 children, ensuring their safe travel, as the sole bus counselor on my route.

Temple B?nai Abraham: Teachers Assistant - 2013-2015
Manage classroom activities. Tutor and mentor over 20 children to reinforce good work habits, enrich their minds and establish positive social behaviors. Foster meaningful relationships with lead teachers, students and parents in support of program goals. 

                  
Additional Skills:  
 Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Google Docs and Photoshop









